Muon AI
2013, Axel Isaksson (h4xxel)
GPL3, just as the rest of Muon

The AI will probably be implemented as a separate client in a static lib that
is linked into the server at compile time. The server admin will then be able
to join "bots" to the game that play instead of human players.
It probably makes sense to have a few difficulty levels to choose from.

Personalities

1)	Scout
	Relies on inteligence and light artillery
	Lots of buildings, tries to cover as much ground as possible
	Avoids confrontation if possible, finds alternative ways into the heart
	of the enemy base and strikes full-force on the generator, possible
	from many directions at once.
	Prefers the radar and conyards for swift, unseen gameplay and
	stealthy moves
	
2)	Attacker
	Prefers heavy artillery and is not afraid to take up a fight.
	Builds lots of conyards for quick deployment of attackers, and
	possibly nuke silos. Not much for scouting, but will search and
	destroy when encountering enemy structures on the battlefield
	
3)	Defender
	Tries to identify easily defended spots on the map and fortifies
	them with walls and heavy artillery. Not much for running head
	first into battle, the defender prefers to deploy nukes from within
	his fortress, a safe distance from the heat and action.
	Happily leaves the dirty work to team mates, but will help them
	defend their bases in their absence. Will eventually strike - and
	strike hard when the other players have nearly annihilated eachother
	or he has gained enough confidience in his defence to leave it
	unattended for a while.

Mechanics
	The AI will split the map into smaller areas, keeping track of
	who has buildings and line of sight in the area, calculating a
	threat level used to determine the safest route across the map.

Heuristics

*)	Finding players
	The AI will using his own location on the map try to figure out where
	the others are located.
	
*)	Cutting power chains
	When encountering a single line of enemy pylons on the map it might
	decide to destroy just one or a couple and then continue with the
	previous task, in an attempt to stall or temporarily weaken the enemy
	by cutting the power to his outer nodes.
	
*)	High value targets
	Control points and generators are considered high value targets gaining
	higher priority by the AI task allocator
	
*)	Mind map
	The AI will try to remember positions and statistics about buildings it
	has once seen, but since lost sight of. It will then try to predict the
	movement of the troups by graphing earlier behaviour in the area,
	and taking into consideration, nearby high value targets that might
	be of interest to the enemy.

*)	Avoiding disaster
	The AI will try to avoid clustering buildings, making it harder for the
	enemy to find a spot good for nuking.

*)	Backup
	The AI will try, if possibly to back up power lines and prioritize
	repowering vital branches if power is lost.
	
*)	"Branch prediction"
	A branch is considered vital if it
	*)	Powers a long chain of buildings or several other branches
	*)	Powers high value targets or defensive systems close to them
	*)	(Attacker) Powers military structures along the branch that
		have dealt a great deal of damage or are often engaged in
		enemy confrontation
	*)	(Defender) Powers defensive structures that fortifies an easily
		defended spot on the map, such as a tight passage

*)	Idle task
	The idle task is very dependant on the AI personality, but generally
	consists of building buildings to expand the base, snatch control
	points, find (or try to avoid) enemy confrontation.
